and now the ghosts of percy
and every year the day of the accident
run again as warning the
others and dips the opening
trembling like a soul
to see if what are you talking about the train
ghost nor machinist saw it last night
they did not ask show anymore and tobey I did not
he said and I tremble the wheels of only
think it or said thomas you're a
small locomotive
Tomás did not believe what you told me
about the ghost and koppers and the morning
next the machinist laughed
It was not just a fantastic story about
ghosts if you felt disillusioned
That night he returned from the port
to see if he knew where he was even in
the darkness the crossing of the farm of
crowe and just missing
he liked to run the roads at night
they went down and the lights of the signals
they shone well green
but a broken car with sacks was waiting for him
of same lime the farmer had gone to
seek help
if he smashed the car and the sacks
they went flying everywhere
let's see if he left snorting
immediately to the next port
of signals
Percy's machinist explained what
had happened I'll take care of it said the
saves day but better clean persie or the
people will think that it is a ghost
to see if he laughed let's realize that
I am a ghost, we like tomás a
see if he keeps saying that I am a
small and silly locomotive
he did not promise to help us
Thomas were not lubricating for the
night train
so he had a following cry I saw poor
locomotive exclaimed tomás or not that
means that I'll be late already
cleared the tracks so you could
happen but something worse happened like this
live to the point I can not wait all the
night I just saw something it seemed like
percy's ghost and said he was coming towards
here to warn us
and who cares do not be afraid
toby
let me go past the base no
you will have to go through the smoke of
my chimney to blow is to blow and push
and your ropes knock down
my god exclaimed tomás is doing
late I had not realized I have to
go look for him
when you return, it was morning
where were you wondering toby good said
thomas I thought I would be sad for
Chase
I did not want to bother you and shed
the vans
I can not stop, I have to go
to see a car for a problem with a
train
to see if he was not tired after his
adventure and he was having fun
very much
I had heard everything good, good, what did
It seems
anyone would say that our friend tomás
he was just a ghost he laughed
yes
the spirit of color
that is very good
already
and you take
no longer
we have
songs
begins
in brands
the hill should be in a truck
very well
tell me what
ah